Add documentation for owners feature (#49)
DefectDojo-Inc/Documentation: proprietary_plugins/02_pro/general_enhancements.md

---
title: "General Enhancements"

> description: "Further enahncements to "

Reviewer: "Further enhancements to findings", maybe?

Author: Wow I totally forgot to finish this sentence 😅 

Since this is not just for findings, maybe something like 
> Further enhancements to already great features

Reviewer: Works for me!

draft: false
weight: 2
---

# Groups

### Email Address

Groups allow for an email address that is intended to hold an email distribution address. This distribution address
could include all of the members of the group, just a few of the members, or maybe even some folks that do not have
access to DefectDojo at all.

![Group Email](../../../images/general_enhancements/group_email.png)

# Finding

### Owners

> Findings can now have owners in the form of the groups! Only groups that have access to a the product type or product

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Findings can now have owners in the form of the groups! Only groups that have access to the product type or product
```

of a given finding can be designated as the owner of that finding. 

![Finding Owners](../../../images/general_enhancements/finding_owners.png)

#### Filtering

Findings can be filtered by their respective owners to allow personalized lists of findings. This allows for each
member of a group to see and easily manage only the findings they are responsible for actioning. Acceptable filters
on any finding list page are as follows:

- **owners**: The ID of the group to filter the findings by
  - Example: https://dojo-url.com/product/2/finding/all?owners=1
- **owners_email**: The exact match of the email address associated with the group
  - Example: https://dojo-url.com/product/2/finding/all?owners_email=docs@defectdojo.com
- **owners_email_contains**: Any partial match of the email address associated with the group
  - Example: https://dojo-url.com/product/2/finding/all?owners_email_contains=docs

# Notifications

### Owners Digests

> Owners Digests is a scheduled notification that alerts finding owners of the findings that they are obligated to. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Owners Digests is a scheduled notification that alerts finding owners of the findings that they are responsible for. 
```

To enable this type of notification, email base notifications must first be enabeled in the System Settings menu.

![Owners Digest](../../../images/general_enhancements/notifications_owners_digest.png)

#### Cadence

Notifications are sent out at 9:00 AM within the timezone that is set within your DefectDojo server. Frequency
of the these notifications can be set according to the following:
- Daily
- Weekly - Monday
- Weekly - Tuesday
- Weekly - Wednesday
- Weekly - Thursday
- Weekly - Friday
- Weekly - Saturday
- Weekly - Sunday
- Monthly - 1st of the month
- Monthly - 15th of the month

#### Email Contents

> The contents of the email message is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content of the email message is as follows:
```

> Hello <User Group Name>,
> 
> Please review the current vulnerabilities for which you are assigned here.
> 
> As a reminder, it is company policy to remediate these issues in accordance with our vulnerability SLA’s which are displayed in the above link.

> Where "here" is a URL to filter the list of all findings that a given group is marked as the owner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where "here" is a URL to filter the list of all findings to those owned by the given group.
```

#### Scopes

Notifications come in three scopes:

- System
  - Owners Digests under the system scope will iterate through each group with a registed email address and send the

>     the digest on the defined cadence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    digest on the defined cadence
```

- Personal

>   - Owners Digests under the personal scope will iterate through each group that the user is a memebr of, and then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Owners Digests under the personal scope will iterate through each group that the user is a member of, and then
```

    send a group digest to the inividual user. This action will only be successful if the user has an email address
    registered under their user account

> - Template

Reviewer: What template is this referring to? Might be good to have a screenshot for this?

Author: On the notifications drop down, there are three options: system, personal, and template. They all render the same form, but the template is applied to all new users. I can add a screenshot, but it will look exactly like the personal and system scopes

Personal:
![Screenshot 2023-10-02 at 11 25 30 AM](https://github.com/DefectDojo-Inc/Documentation/assets/46459665/a08daf2a-385c-4d5c-a077-a8716a2237e8)

Template:
![Screenshot 2023-10-02 at 11 25 49 AM](https://github.com/DefectDojo-Inc/Documentation/assets/46459665/995a290c-dcd9-4051-b042-644cc9a22409)

Reviewer: Ahh okay. Sorry, I haven't done much with notification settings in the past. I was thinking of finding templates for some reason. No need for a screenshot for this
